al al
very
good very good afternoon family I'm stopping
by here to
announce that this coming Friday at
4 in the afternoon I'm going to record a podcast
with Fran cuesta Fran de la jungla and with
Javi oliveira on their
YouTube channel I'm going to leave you the link to the
YouTube channel where the
podcast will be made so that you can
subscribe and get ready next
Sunday at 9 at night it will be broadcast on
YouTube it will be recorded this Friday at 4 and I
can assure you one thing the mess
Mr. Frank de la jungla and
Dani de
desocupa are going to make, it's never happened before
because as the week is being
hot the month is being hot
yesterday we could want to make us illegal I'm
going to come in hot so with my
friend Fran and my friend Javi I'm going to make a
big mess Not huge by the way it's the
same podcast that you may have seen that they have
campaigned for Iker Jiménez Iker from
horizonte y de la nave because at the end
of the podcast he made a greeting
eh Remembering the greeting that  did elon
Mask and now everyone is crossing him out that if I give the
Nazi salute that if I give the Nazi salute you're not
a little tired you [ __ ]
progressive hippies on Sunday at
9 Fran me and Javi we're going to make a real
mess without mincing words and with our
balls ready to be eaten
[Music]
I promise to bring you breakfast every
morning I will promise that my life begins
where you
end I don't want false expectations or to
live inside a lie yours and
mine is true despite what you
say homework that I walk through that plaza
that with shame we couldn't Even
look at each other the moment arrived and I took your hand
while we continued walking for the 12 it
fell silent in The big
City City City City
City why do I want V the
star to shine in the sky If by my side I have
the most beautiful the
firmament I don't know if you'll
understand me I hear what I'm telling you you have to
feel the way your heart smiles For
[Music]
inside I will tell you to pinch myself every day
When
[Music] I
wake up that if I argue it's  to
know you
better there's no fog that can darken
this
[Music]
love I
know that we'll go through moments we never
imagined that the pain will be so strong
that we'll think about
leaving each other but this feeling of ours
will put the
wounds that fall on our souls to shame
breathe me
please because this life is
slipping away from us why do I want to see the star
shine why do I want to see the
star shine in the sky If by my side I have
the most beautiful one in the
firmament I don't know if you'll understand me And what I'm
telling you must feel your heart
as it smiles
Because I want I want if by my side I have the firmament I don't know if you'll understand me the fact is that I'm telling you you must feel your heart as it smiles with me [Music] [Music] I who thought that loving no longer existed that kisses are given away on
any
corner I who thought that
loving was just a game but I
look at you and it's that I'm dying to
have you there I'll invest my life in
exciting you and
I will win the game the time that was
lost
[Music]
Every day that your soul be my guide until
the last kiss that says goodbye to this path and  I
ask every day to always be able to
love you Waiting for the moment to have you I
will
[Music]
If the world separates I will stay with you If
tomorrow doesn't dawn I will stay with you If you
want me to stay I will stay with you Because
things matter to me And
when I smile I turn around I am with you With
you Investing my life in
exciting you And
[Music]
I will win the game
that was
[Music]
lost And I ask Every day that your soul be
my guide Until the last kiss that says goodbye to
this path And I ask every day to always be able to
love you Waiting for the moment to have you
I will be in front of you
[Music]
Investing my life in
exciting you And
[Music]
I will win the game The time that was
lost And I ask every day for
my guide Until the last kiss that says goodbye to
this one And I ask
every day to always be able to
love you Waiting for the moment to have you
I will
[Music]
in front of you What's going on What's going on Well I'm
seeing things today wow it's hot I
'm going to post it there You can post your
own comment Lili I'm going to post it for you
just in case But oh well for the
Next we'll try to see if you can
pin it, let's see, I forgot to
say it on WhatsApp, I don't know if you can
put it, uh, what Lili is posting right
now in the pinned chat, remind me to put it,
remind me to say it
later, okay, because it's important, there are
people who don't have it activated, okay, it's
the WhatsApp group, the
WhatsApp group, the group where you find out
everything, okay, the group. Well, right now I haven't
put anything, but well, I'm here
challenging and stuff like that, buah, the truth
is that today there are a lot of things, buah, there are a lot of things
today, uh, Many, many things today, I do
n't know if, oh my goodness, I don't know if I should
skip the topic of television, but of course
there are things that aren't the outline thing. I
mean, I'm not entirely sure, uh, today we have
a lot, a lot, a lot of
buns,
uh, today we have a lot of buns, it's that I would
almost say that whatever we try, we are
all here now that
we have to be uh There is less
for the kids, there is less for the
kids, there
is less for the kids, but I don't know
if I should put a tweet to them, I do
n't know if I should put a
[Music]
tweet to the kids and what and what
is already recovered recovered what
Lili goes on what is not doing that is on
WhatsApp
what do you have all night Javi says
dolores Well look you know what happens Dolores
the reality is that tomorrow at
noon I record the podcast that you guys on
Sunday or rather that is
recorded the same as it was recorded with Iker
Why well Well look I record it because
that way we have more more comfort to
meet with the guests Okay
and then we record it because also
Fran at the time that the podcast is broadcast
realize that in Thailand it
is actually 2 in the morning around there I would say
not 2 to 9 at night here in
Spain I would say that it is 2 in the
morning there in Thailand more or less I do not
know if 2 3 or or it depends on the
summer of winter But well eh the
thing is that I have to be all
night today preparing it because the
program that you watch man has
a preparation it is not a moment
you know Ah okay Lili But well
calm down eh that it makes 1000 Neither because we
just started ago  1000 Not either
because we've just started So
while people are coming in
Eh, I'm going to, I'm going to go
over things on TV and
that so that Lili can also have an extract
of things on TV and so on,
okay, I mean, we can't leave aside all
the information of all the news
so if I see that the live show is going
well and that and that and that there are a lot of people
in the live show and that there are a lot of members
and all that in the live show, then I'll stay
longer and And if it's 2 in
the morning and I see that we're here still
talking, then I'm leaving. What do I know?
We can't
do anything else today, there's a lot of stuff, eh Because also, of
course, like yesterday we had the program with
Marina, yesterday things happened that we couldn't
talk about, of course, and we're going to talk about them.
Today, so, I won't go on any
longer. I'm going to put the light on low
today, okay, I'm not going to. I'm not going to
turn it on anymore. I'm going
to turn the light off, too. I'm going to turn it off too. I'm going
to turn it on.
What's up, my Pili,
but don't tell me, what
beautiful arms, but Pili, it's that I  you
see me with very good eyes You're always giving me
compliments it's that you always
see me with very good eyes Pili the truth is
what a pleasure damn what a pleasure well pily just just
started
today's objective that today's objective I'm sorry
for the greed okay I'm sorry for the
self-massage I don't know how to call it
autofellatio but today's objective is
called Javi oliveira was
always right with telesalseo
So I don't know I think that today's
objective deserves would deserve to be fulfilled
would deserve to be fulfilled
today's objective but well I'll leave it to your lesson
okay I also wanted to comment on something
that has made me very Well it has obviously given me
great joy
because it is very good news okay it is
very good news what is happening well that they
sent me to shave this afternoon a
video that was uploaded on YouTube a few
months ago specifically
eh specifically 5 months
no 5 months I think yes 5 months no the
farewell of escaleto they said no
exclusive no exclusive huge
exclusive we have an exclusive Well
that exclusive I know is going to stay
in the drawer for the moment like the like the
demand for  Vita dynamite to Marta Riesco
no and luckily luckily that
exclusive about Escaleto's dismissal was
n't it wasn't true Escaleto is back
I sincerely have to tell you that I
knew something okay I knew something I don't remember
exactly where I
found out Maria a kiss a kiss Maria how
strong she was right How strong what happened today
eh How strong what happened today eh I'm not trying to
pat myself on the back but the thing about Escaleto
reached me I don't know specifically why Because you
know I talk to a lot of people
throughout the day okay too It's
true that several
collaborators from Sálvame have been through here not that we
were there have been several no
at least four or five have passed by I don't know the
truth I don't know who we spoke about it with
but I mean it's something that a small committee
between colleagues knew I didn't know
exactly what it was no what had
happened to the boy but it
had reached me as if he was feeling
unwell Okay then they haven't
fired him I don't know why they make that up
Honestly not everything is worth it let's see let's see
a little about
Escaleto's reinstatement  And what happened
to you all,
Escaleto, man
[Applause]
Well, how strong, listen to me, I didn't know you were
coming today, eh, Neither you nor anyone. Well,
yes, you did know. I knew it. And
since when did I know it? Well, look,
here, Escaleto tells you what was wrong with him.
Okay, what
happened to him and why he's been on sick leave. Look, it did
n't happen. I haven't had a child through
surrogacy. You haven't slept with me,
Javi, between holes in a basement. I wish with a
cross, a harness, and everything. I would have
loved it, but it didn't happen like that, Javi. I'll
give you ideas,
eh, they didn't kick me out. I don't know, I don't
remember. They've told me more things. But
well, none of that has happened. What
happened was something much simpler,
much more plain, something that happens to a lot of
people. Eh, that has six letters, which is eh,
cancer. Look, it didn't happen through that little thing.
What a scare, eh, poor thing. eh, look,
Belén is hugging Escalet,
because I eh, I think it was his
testicles, no because  I saw how
later on to see these
golds I think it was from the testicles
because I saw like a t that said something about
always touching you I don't know what to see And it was like that
literally yes Belén I am very angry
with you and I ask him why Because you haven't
told me that you are sick with what I I
love you Who is Hey hey that we are together
what I am busy who
are you what you haven't told me I say
girl Belén Well why were you going to get like that
and I didn't want you to get like that but
why didn't you tell me with how much I
love you that I and also since it is very
Bel with all my heart and such that I make you
the food that I take you to the doctor they have
taken you to the doctor I say let's see Belén that
my family is here my friends are in a
very sheltered state Of course my mother came
here my father too my sister eh And I
tell him yes yes that I am fine and I say it's
true that I didn't tell you And it was like that
literally the belaa eh all helpful look
if this was the T that maybe I saw not
touched the balls By the way guys that  You
see me guys that you have
male genitals I don't care Ah you're really touched
the balls because it's true that
you can see this very early it's also something that
in the case of
boys' testicles it's easy to see it's not maybe
like a breast or like a cancer that is
inside the body which is very complicated
and that maybe it gives signs when it's
too late but the sooner you
look at it the better I always well yes if I
had gone to the doctor earlier or had had
the ultrasound earlier then it would have been better for me maybe I would
n't have had to
give K even he takes for granted u
what a repellent no what a repellent no well he says I
suppose it will be like that no eh he says yes if
you take it in time and so on that that that
for adante it has been very
fast also no because this boy, I
mean it hasn't been there that long no I
mean How long has he been on
sick leave he has been 4 months five Maybe
if anything I don't
know kidnap me and make me yours I scale to
Javi Well I'm glad
the boy is there things as they are  eh I really
like him, boy So
great, I saw him eh I saw him in
person, scaleto when I went to the when I
went to the Chinese story, he was
at the scaleto there, I saw him in the office, I
saw him in the office How are you Victor, how are you
all who are coming in? Well, I'm
glad you're joining the
live show because today we have a lot of fun, 7
months, it's
been almost eight, my goodness. Well, but it's
fast. No, I wish, I wish all things
were 7 months, no, I wish all things
were like this, it hasn't been fast, no, so I
understand that if you catch it in time, well, it
's a curious thing yesterday I wanted to
talk about this, but I got away from it yesterday I wanted to talk about
this, but I got away from it Well, I
had it here with Marina But in the end
we were discussing other topics that
luckily filled the program well and
so we didn't get to touch on this,
but what do you think about the fact that another person from the
political party has been
accused by a couple
of girls
of being
dirty, I mean, recently we had Íñigo
rejón, no, he's still there, pending
of the trial of what comes out and so on and
so forth and now we have another one, another one
from the same party I'm looking because
over here let's see I think it was like the
conversation the audio that was leaked yesterday this This
yes yes yes I've known this for a
long time she told me very
strong things about Juan Carlos about
babbling things that the way she told me them
sound like sexual assault and that it's
serious and she's the one who decided that she did
n't want that to transcend to the
public sphere and and it's something that is serious
and yes of course it hurts me because she's
my friend but since she didn't want to report
anything then I continued to maintain a
normal and cordial relationship with Juan
Carlos even with Juan Carlos Knowing
knowing the corpses he had in the
closet I mean yes In fact if there's something that
I can kind of
feel ashamed of is that well Well that
I kept calling him to
come to the board and and and I talked to him
about the direction of Canal Red etcetera still
Knowing a lot of [ __ ] that was there that I did
n't like one bit Yes
you know  you knew everything you knew everything
but since he was one of yours you
keep quiet he didn't say what Iker said the
other day eh when we were here at the
talk That has been so criticized The
talk eh But believe me the person who would be least
interested in Juan Carlos being
exposed is me because he shares the
vision that I had about the direction
of Canal Red and it seems to me that he is the
most sensible guy in the diagnosis about the
co-founder of Canal Red the war between
Podemos and Sumar what happens is that if he is
a fool who fools girls and he
does it systematically as it
seems according to the rumors and according to no longer
rumors because the thing about Iñigo Rejón For
example I had only heard
rumors that have nothing to do with
what is being said they are
infinitely less serious things but about his
wallet well I know I know
because I don't know if he actually fooled her but he was
very insistent and very heavy at
the spring party you were there
and and you know that he called her at 3 in the
morning and that he hugged her here and
there or so it was  like very uncomfortable all of
that no but but let's go it's not Alo that it
is a dish of good taste for me believe me
how disgusting how disgusting how
disgusting Ah
Oh these people these people the three
main ones the monederos Pablo
Pablo Iglesias and the other one the rejón we have
Of course they opened that they founded
that party to dip the churro no I
mean let's act like feminists we're
not going to say yes to all the
nonsense woke and and [ __ ] for them I mean they
are literally what they
are No it's not that they are hypocrites they are
liars and fake Clara or rather all
all podemita all socialist and such that
you see saying things that don't make
sense No because I believe that any
is that it's not about left and
right it's about good people
and repulsive people it's not about I mean I
believe that here eh who more and
who less not all of us have
Eh heart we all have good manners
no eh Sometimes sometimes Ramos like all
human beings but I believe that nobody
eh of those who are here vote for the
left or vote for  the right That
none of you are against mistreating
women That none of you are in Oh
sorry That none of you are in favor of
mistreating women That none of you are
everyone is against
mistreating a woman not a
person a child an elderly lady Oh that that
all of you are That none of you who
are here
have problems with people Eh
emigrating That no you care that there are
immigrants in your country
none of us care I mean from here there are
people who go to England there are people
who go to Germany nobody cares about us
is that uncivilized people commit crimes
rape
our families stab us you
know what I mean but of course these people these people
what they do is play with
play with
idiot people play with idiot people is worth uh to
win votes and so they
say Oh Cala to dip the donut I mean
in the end I think that the purpose of
all of them apart from power or money no
because they put The salaries that come out
of the  balls no that seems incredible to me I
mean to me the thing about
politicians being the ones who decide their
salary seems like crap
because I don't decide how many taxes I
pay I don't decide taxes I have to
pay my word says it they
impose it on me okay or so I mean tremendous tremendous
says Victor game How horrible to lose a
testicle or any part of the body
man Victor but well let's see what I know
Yes evidently of course his thing the ideal
in life is that everything turns out perfect and
that you last until you are 100 years old without any
defect without any problem okay but
life But within things Yes if you are
found to have cancer and that means you have to
lose a
testicle only lose one testicle Hey
Well you have the other one I think he can
continue having
perfectly functional sexual relations and so on no I don't
know if he will lose it maybe the la Well
but I don't know if at the age that he was
escaleto he thought of being a father
no I don't think so no I don't know no no I don't
see him with plans not to lose a testicle
within all the bad things that can happen to you
with cancer no  I don't know if it's the worst.
No, no, it's like losing a hand, a leg,
no, it happens a lot with him with diabetes.
I have a cousin who is fatally ill with diabetes and who
no longer has both legs.
My poor thing. How good he
is, I think he has prosthetics,
these electric ones, not electronic ones. I don't know,
but he walks, let's go, he walks
and Gesur is missing a ball. No, that was
said but I think it was an accident. No,
not because of cancer. Well, what was said is okay,
now suddenly Podemos reveals that he
removed Monedero from the party in 2023
after receiving testimony about alleged
sexual violence committed by him. I mean, what you
're telling me is that Podemos, that Podemos must have had to have
people complaining about
this man's behavior
after I don't know how many years. I mean, you
're telling me that all the
main people of Podemos, number one,
number three. I mean, you're telling me
that everyone in meetings, at
wild parties, that they hit each other, not with our
taxes, that nobody knew which foot he stands on.
Aba, no, that nobody knew how
this guy behaved in private. No,
man, please, because they were all the
same.  they are a pack you know they are all the
same come on man please pass it
now comes Look at the podemo ap podemo I
already knew it And he removed a a a Juan Carlos public public
pune also knew it And
well bu I didn't know it and the moment they
found out they suspended the
collaboration come on man if
nobody goes viral they don't say a word eh They don't
say a word several women let's see
I want to hear this click that I haven't
heard it you have it here pending
to see and I haven't seen it eh Because yesterday I think
this is the girl I don't know if she's
denying eh I don't know if she's denying it or
confirming it I know this girl
because she's Miare's ex ex-girlfriend from the
youtuber Okay so I know that in her day she
also came out to attack Adlas and these
things about the kids and they were
like on Twitter pointing her out as a
victim eh pointing them out as a victim
but I don't know if she confirms it she
denies it I'm hearing it right now well she
's working on Pablo
Iglesias's eh that she's working on
this Pablo Iglesias program I suppose
that many  You've probably seen all those
headlines, but you might not know that
most of them aren't lying or
misleading, and that they've actually been
disseminated for the sole purpose of
smearing Podemos. Cristina, you'll fail
against her will. They're
not lying when they state or imply
that, let's see, they were pointing her out as a
victim, but I don't know if, wait. I
'm getting the impression that she's
defending him. Wait, I'm already waiting for these
people. Whatever, wait. Gregor
reveals cases of abuse and aggression. Sergio
Gregori leaks, not this woman. It's the Ah,
okay, it wasn't that one.
How, how, how, or rather,
rake, rake or
gando. They have leaked a
private conversation that I had with someone who was my
friend, my partner. I have not given my
consent for its publication, that is,
the guy in whom the audios appear.
In this case, they don't give political interest, so
our right to information
prevails. Days before sending the
information to Javier Chicote,
ABC, the audio is from a fellow
journalist who leaked a
voice note from Sergio and private conversations
with me without our consent or that
of the victims, and in fact, I repeat, against their
will.  expresses and manifests the
same Well what happens are you going to cry I mean Wait wait Wait let's see let's see I mean let's
see because of course
people have leaked conversations about me
that were not part of it and Damn I would have
loved for them to get so outraged
but it seems that it depends no I mean um I think I think I don't know no
audio of
hers was leaked then
[Music]
e What is what is the Movida I mean no
audio of hers was leaked Wait I'm going to
finish listening to it maybe I
'm giving my opinion on some nonsense wait Of course if
no audio of yours was leaked what do you
care if an audio of the other guy was leaked
well the other guy didn't
do it with the intention of snitching
And the thing is I don't understand wait not only
that but he leaked my number and I've
had journalists harassing me and calling me
from fake numbers to corner me
when they saw that I wasn't answering the
phone and he's tried to deceive an
alleged victim of sexual assault with
fake job offers to try to
get her number and  leaking
ironic considering that we are
talking about the same woman who when I
brought these same testimonies to her attention
in 2023 wanted to silence
them because they would irreversibly damage
the party. I made it very clear in those
conversations, the same ones that she leaked to
the press without my consent, some
of which she deliberately cut out,
but I have them, that my intention
was not to screw Podemos but to put pressure on them to
take
measures. I am really not understanding. I
mean, I am not understanding that
girl, eh, with all the love in the world, eh,
With all the respect in the world, I mean, but
of course what is the problem she has, I
mean, because she is so angry that it
was leaked. I mean, she already wanted to
report
this and now she is angry because it has been
reported. But I don't understand. I mean, they have not
violated her privacy, they do not censor her
name, there are no audios of her, am I wrong
and I brought some conversation of hers that
violates something about her, I mean, because I know
how they have pointed her out, but of course I think
that the tweets that I have seen at
least were like people  drawing the
conclusion now I also made it very clear
that if the victims decided to take
other actions in the face of what seemed to be an
impassive attitude from the party, I would
support them even if it went against my
interests because Canal Red was then
my only source of income and that's
where this woman said no that if I didn't
take it out we could if it wasn't done from
within these girls better keep
quiet because if one speaks they
all will speak I'm not going to leak the
conversations like raque has done
but if he accuses me of lying, that is to
say of being defamatory and therefore of
committing a crime then yes
I will be forced to release them but I do
n't understand I haven't understood the complaint I haven't
understood the
complaint Let's see what he says
I haven't leaked any audio that audio
belongs to a private conversation that I
had with a person who was
known to my
partner this person did not have at
any time my consent for
the
leak let's see I think that the person
who leaked
the conversation if
neither of the parties has permission Well when you have
permission from one of the parties still It
depends depends on what's inside not
the conversation we would say  no but of
course you risk revealing
secrets eh the person who
leaked it risks revealing a
secret
but the people who suffer the events are the
only ones who can report it it's that they
are angry for having leaked it
without consent but let's
see if I'm understanding it wrong eh
tell me what you think I want you to
tell me what you think I mean super
angry They are super angry because they
leaked the
conversation in the conversation I didn't
think anything bad about this girl or about the
other one, I mean I understand that let's see I understand that
for example look if you
understand me one
thing that you don't want
eh that you don't want to tell your
experience as a victim to the public okay I
understand that no one can force you to
do it Okay that you will tell it when
you want and when you feel ready okay
or you can even report the acts without
saying that it was you no but of course that they
have reported the
alleged aggressor What is your problem is that it does
n't make sense there is no way to
catch it eh There is no way to catch it
or so well yes, that's it  Well, if
you don't want to report the aggressor,
then no, don't take legal action, but
at least cancel it, not
through the media,
no, no, I don't know, no, no, I don't get the
girls angry. What happened? Well,
look, today they ran into the rejón
on Vito Kiles street and since
his supporters have
constantly incited that it's okay for
right-wing journalists to be
attacked, okay, take his microphone away,
break it and all this stuff, well, what he
did was attack him, okay,
Why am I going to answer this? Well, you
take it, you answer, it's completely false what they
're saying about me, no, or you don't
answer and that's it, no, no, well, he
did it like the riffraff that they are, don't
attack him, we want to ask him a
question because we've seen that he's been
reported for sexual violence. Oy,
Oy, hey, hey, that's his way of answering.
Look, I mean, it's fate, you tell me, he
approached me in a provocative manner,
he was disrespectful, okay, he didn't
ask him a question about the news.  of the
day we want to ask you a question
because we have seen Hey rejón no Juan
Carlos modern heir Juan Carlos Juan
Carlos s well the same one that has been
accused of
sexual violence that is your way of responding to
accusations of sexual violence
using violence Mr. Monero
you how I confuse no don't throw the
microphone at me be respectful no no stop stop
but you how I confuse a
feminist party What do you think about being accused of
sexual violence by several
women as a feminist Mr. Monero don't you
think it's serious as a feminist Mr. Mon
it's been said by former deputies of power in
parliament Mr. Monero and you who
said that women should
always be believed those who have
accused you of sexual also of course We have to
believe not a current issue I
believe the king emeritus
for sexual violence are you the king I
issue I am accused for example Podemos
himself
How is this what are you talking about that he
is the father of rejón if it is Juan Carlos
Monero Juan Carlos Ah you are not
seeing it with me wait it is Juan Carlos
Monero
Podemos they are violent they are rabble but
Juan Carlos really do you think it is
normal to act with so much violence
seriously he said it  Sergio Gregori former
presenter of Pablo Iglesias' channel
what do you think they say you're a slob and a
jerk what do you think well we came to
ask what do you think what
But
what do they say you're a slob and a jerk what do you
think
bear what do you think well we came to
ask Juan Carlos Monero
Why the founder of Podemos a
feminist party receives complaints of
sexual harassment from several women and as you can see he has
responded with absolute violence I
understand that it's because he doesn't like us to
ask him those kinds of questions bro
what are they
man well he doesn't dance anymore he doesn't dance anymore he does
n't dance anymore eh Hey with Maduro eh
with Maduro with Nicolás Maduro eh but let's
see of course someone is also
surprised that these
[Music]
things happen Let's go there
Venezuela let's go Maduro there
we have shared a story how
wonderful Maduro eh crazy crazy How
wonderful And then we have this clear let's
see This is another extract and Lili today I'm
sorry but I'm going to put two extracts
of politicking and and [ __ ] [ __ ] How is
the week and tomorrow the one of unemployed
we have no to Dani Esteve
tomorrow we have him
in the podcast no well on Sunday
okay it turns out that they show exclusive
today in The objective exclusive Avalos
chose Jessica from a catalog of
prostitutes that Coldo had on his
phone
of course
eh Years managed to become José Luis has been
in the PSOE since he was 22 years old he
managed to become Minister of
Transport and Secretary of Organization
of the party he used public funds
destined for charitable projects to
award himself a chalet in Peru valued
at 1.2 million euros his girlfriend
Jessica accompanied him on
official trips at the rate of 15 per trip he also
managed to get her into a
public company and get paid the rent of
a luxury apartment in Plaza de España his
friend Aldama paid for apartments for him to
meet with young ladies with Coldo and
Ángel Víctor it's not magic it's your
taxes tax agency Ministry
of Finance I mean this is tremendous No of
course you're going to forgive me but that they
take away half of what I
earn working Well not me,
not all of you, I mean  is that you say damn [ __ ]
It's why he's spending it
on prostitutes no I mean that's what I'm doing
having double the money in the
bank no I don't know maybe I could have
paid for my house today or I could have
paid not to have mortgages no I don't
know but of course however here each
one of us pay for our own things yes to you if
you get away with paying 50 euros for
a speed camera fine they charge you
with interest no I mean and now and now
these things appear of course you're shocked
No well look here we have Vito
again in another scene in which he wanted to
ask Ábalo about this subject and yes
and of course I'm putting this here to shed
some light on what we've been
seeing
previously okay we've been seeing
that with Victor Now we have to attack him
when he goes with the microphone no And you'll
say Well but why not why not why do they
attack because they want to answer a
journalist well we already have the answer
No what I wanted to ask him is if
Jessica was his girlfriend why did he charge her I'll
tell you see but how  It could be that you're already being
sued
Dude, you're already being sued Dude, you know that
Ábalos, eh? Pablo posted a tweet about this
today, eh. Because of course. Oh,
Pablo posted a tweet about this. Oh, what a bunch of
things we have today, eh, what a bunch of things today,
today the thing about Rubiales also came up.
But look, I'm done dealing with it. No, I mean,
I'll do another extract of Rubiales, outside, no,
basically. Well, nothing, eh. Let's see, no, no, there's no
prison sentence for Rubiales, I mean, it's
a fine, it seems to me like a fine of two
pairs of balls, I'm also telling you. I mean, it
seems tremendous to me, eh, a fine of
10,000 bucks. Well, 11,000, no more. 3,000 in
compensation seems like a lot to me for a
bit. I understand that a fine. Yeah, let's see,
for me, the thing is that if I were
her, I wouldn't report her for a bit. I
think it's fine that they fired him, not from
the federation, I mean, it's an attitude that can't be
had and all that nonsense.
eh. You shouldn't do it, no, you can't
steal a kiss from anyone, no, but mm  [ __ ]
a fine of 11,000 bucks and
compensation of 3,000 Well at least there was no
prison sentence, eh there were
many it was there there the thing eh man
my friend FAO Look what Rubén Sánchez says, a
firm conviction against Cristina Segui for
insults and accusations against Ábalos on
Twitter the Supreme Court has rejected his appeal and
will have to compensate him 6,000
Can someone tell me if this man has posted
anything on Twitter about Ávalo in the
new news Hey, look, sorry
Cristina it's true they convicted you for
saying Well, I think he called him a [ __ ] eh
Cristina to Ávalos eh I think he called him a
[ __ ] I think it was
eh what the Ultra said it was not even
minimally accredited or verified
tremendous tremendous
tremendous who
charges that is not a girlfriend that is called something
else charging her for accompanying him on a
trip gentlemen I do not
judge per
ha no no no no Ah they do not want you to be
asked they do not want you to be
asked if you paid a person
because the  will accompany you she's not a girlfriend she's something else
you admit it it was with
public money man what girlfriend does
someone pay for everything has already been declared so
don't make anything up but they put her
in a public one don't come on Yeah why did she
get paid 40,000 a year from the public one
You said it was a
lie well you don't even smoke a
cigarette no you
said it was a
lie Well it's a pleasure seos eh You don't
even smoke a cigarette And
finally well no let's see finally I'm not going I
have to Put on a couple more videos
sorry okay We'll go to the bun after
this Yeah we'll go to the bun after
this okay I'll put on a couple of videos I'm going
to the bathroom and we'll go to the bun But it's that it's it's that this
seems to me It seems divine to me
[Music]
to me these
little things or bravo
bravo with two balls how good the
[ __ ] has done to him how good the man has done to him
eh the truth is that he really did it the truth is
that a very big applause for
him The man damn
should have his salary raised
eh we should give the man's salary a raise
[Applause]
damn the mother who gave birth to us eh the mother
who gave birth to us and well
this This is a video that they're
publishing today, it's tremendous also by the
way, the other day when Jiménez was
on it, he said that Rito had done
an interview with him, the thing is that it's
still going to take a while to come out but but
tremendous eh tremendous this eh I am
absolutely against the
sexual exploitation of
[Laughter]
[Music]
them and I are
scoundrels we are are [ __ ] it
disgusts me that someone has no other recourse
than to give themselves to a relationship that
normally they wouldn't do of course you paid for
sex let's see I Fortunately I haven't
needed to resort to that and um but it does
seem like man it seems like a
Torrent movie this eh I mean I don't
need it eh I already need to do things, I'll
tell you, it doesn't give me any satisfaction
no [ __ ] well dude you have to give away our
money not because of what they say eh Because of what they
say we have to give away our money Okay
let's change the subject because Dolores
Sanchez is bothered by this topic so
dolores I didn't mean to hurt you okay I
just love to piss off I
love I love I love to try a
little bit of everything not on this channel and and you
know that I tend to be a bit like that a
little bit playful no yesterday I had the surprise
the truth is I was really surprised
to find this
content I haven't seen it all Okay I'm going to
watch the same click that I saw
last night again I don't know if it will be much
longer but Tania no well there's Che
cli and another one that I rescued from
Robe's Twitter no yesterday Tania made a statement
on her channel okay after deleting
her entire channel restore some content
again Well now suddenly I'm
retiring but I'm not retiring she has decided to
come out in an exercise of
transparency [ __ ] you know what I'm
thinking
man let's see we're going to find out eh eh
yesterday I discovered Who the lawyer of the
serl was buff I'm going to explain it later at the
salsería eh I'm going to explain it later
because of course the lawyer of the serlin I
didn't know who she was I was surprised I'm
not saying it will be some friend some
buddy or something like that but
well yes it is a  Antonia's friend is a
friend of Antonia it seems that they have
introduced her, they have introduced her, this
lawyer who in her day
also represented a gentleman, eh, also a
friend of theirs, eh, so that she could
insult us and say things to us, no way, can you
imagine if it were the same lawyer
because of course she talks about a lawyer, eh, she talks about a
lawyer, she talks in the
feminine, eh, she made a statement
calling you Francisco Javier Oliveira, yes, I think so, I
think so, Mr. Francisco
Javier Oliveira, damn it would be a, it would be
great, that eh, because of course
Mrs. Antonia supports her, Tania has
put some TT supporting her, well, Tania,
we are with you, no, and all that nonsense,
so if the lawyer has introduced her
so that she can give it her all, it would be
a tremendous Union,
eh, it would be a tremendous Union, eh, what a
team. Eh, well, in an
exercise of transparency, Tania has
made a statement to
clarify some things that we were
saying that were lies on our
part, you know, I have set you a goal
today, okay. Then we'll see, then
what happens happens  now let's see
Loli and Peppa yelling at each other I've set
a goal today okay I
titled it jav oliveira
was right always with telesalseo
So everyone who is Here
tonight if you agree okay everyone
with telesalseo always with telesalseo I'm not
getting off this boat I invite you all to
meet the goal okay let's
listen to this this statement not where
Tania clarifies some things
as you've seen I'm going to make a
statement okay a brief
statement and And well that's it Okay
well I'm going to leave it there I guess it will
be an echo later like
always I guess later I mean she has given
she has given Look she's authorized
at least there are no people who don't
authorize me to see their statements okay
okay authorize us to do an echo wizard
get out of here what the [ __ ] are you doing here you
can go wizard look the goal is jav
oliveira was right always with
telesalseo I'm not getting off this bottom of this boat have
you seen that it says salsería
or or say by the way wizard Find me some
salsería topics if you want me to go
there eh If not I don't have a topic  eh I don't have a
topic for the salsería So if you want me to
go steal something from uncle sh See
what's out there
well because of the repeated
questions and the misinformation
spread by a YouTube channel there is
misinformation spread by a
YouTube channel or He gets together with someone passes mmv a
kiss sweetheart How are you How are you Well
always in this boat right always in
this boat mmv a kiss a kiss sweetheart
I want to make some clarifications
in a clear and
transparent manner it is transparent Tania what
happens
is that it is deleting everything that what it already published in its day is worth it I mean it is transparent but not that transparent semitransparent semitransparent María Isabel very good first about the petition on change.org Saras very good Lisa very good well because about the petition on
change.org I have never denied nor do I
intend to deny that 12 13 years ago
I opened a petition on
change.org wow Tania says that she has never
denied that she opened a petition on
change.org no
then wait a moment while I
tune my
voice
Ah but it seems to me that the other day I got
angry  a lot but it seems to me but it
seems to me but it seems to me the
other day I got really pissed off because I
'm not seeing I'm not seeing that some
people who are suffering in their kiss Ale We
love you the whole chat loves you I'm
abandoning the ship alone with the captain
exactly exactly
car to these
people who didn't take the
opportunity to
[Music]
say interrupting everyone to
fall out
Dear something to this box you already
know
economically you don't have to
file several lawsuits
to put all this in the same bench in the same but we have the opportunity with Tania Oh wait this isn't Wait in the end I'm the one who's a loser I put a click that wasn't this Damn That that is on
public networks I'm already advancing that no no and I'm
advancing that when the one put in
front of the game is going to have to say
Where did they get all the data that they
say is on public networks I'm only
going to advance that
aj they're going to have to explain
how they get
some data and
social networks and How do they get to that Ah because
that is not even close to public ah  not a
reference that they made that was
mediatic because it came out they mentioned it
in some column of some newspaper at the
time but with initials be careful you have to
know what you're looking for
with the date and nonsense all and that they have
done a thorough investigation of the
person a kiss FJ just made us
a ra FJ I hope you had a
great time hitmen Hey but FJ I have
given you permission to open live
or something like that I gave you permission for it to
be the last one okay I didn't know anything
I hope you had a great time in
the live FJ a kiss to all of you who
come there from the sentence of the
articles of any media that could
echo all that they have been
investigating for
months to gather all that information
Oh and now they are trying to make it seem that
Tania is the culprit because Tania had
everything on social networks and that everything was
public we are trying to make it seem that
Tania had
published it and I already anticipate that what she is saying is a lie
and he anticipates that he is lying that it
is a lie eh and they are going to have to
prove it Why do some of them have such a bad face
and it smells like  little [ __ ]
everywhere because they know they've committed a
very serious crime no One has committed
several crimes very much in jail
well let's see and they're starting to erase
things about the other Yes yes there yes I
agree with you what is this one called the
trickster this The Mercenary this what is
this one called I don't remember what
this one was called there I agree with you yes it
is true that they are starting to erase
things that is
true why are
so many things referring to Tania disappearing because she is
erasing them now let's get to it
now let's get to it but oh well If they are
so calm if the
complaint is not going to be processed If
that has no course of action for anyone because
all of that had already been made public Yeah
so much if they can prove everything they
're saying why don't they release
Why don't they release for
example Why don't they release for example that What
they say about chain.org where
Tania asked for help for signatures to
reopen the case and help this man
Yeah eh Why don't they
release it because not that For example no
Why don't they release that oysters then  now that you
mention it why haven't you punished Why have
n't they taken out that part the fool
the fool the fool who almost
has a little spark not of that no did not
realize that he had to
play along with the other loser eh he stays at the
fool both give in the other two this one
below This is a this I've already
told you a Mercenary a trickster
okay This one is lying on purpose
okay because we haven't paid attention to him here and
and because all this is because I sent him to
hell once on Twitter eh I don't
remember what I told him but this
guy was taking the clips for me to do
these live shows of Freaky tuber okay I
sent him to suck it once I don't
remember what it was with and now he's gone back
to Claro Look at the face that he's here
like saying what the [ __ ] is
this guy saying I mean themselves look at the
face eh he's like what the [ __ ] is this guy saying what the [ __ ] is
this guy saying that
Chain doesn't exist you
know I mean what the [ __ ] is he telling me I mean he's
putting on a face and the
another fool was like that like that
Ah okay I have to go along with you I
mean tremendous tremendous tremendous
three show-offs why don't they release that
damn well now that you mention it Why have
n't you released why haven't they released that
part because it doesn't
exist no but let's see let's see They say
that it exists and that it's public and that they
could release it so they
released it they haven't done it yes yes yes no if it
exists and it's not a crime to release it Well
release it damn what a bird is man
eh but well let's see [ __ ] what bird
how he caught us eh he's
realizing that they believed a [ __ ] what a
joke he just pulled on us
eh what bird doesn't exist
man damn of course it doesn't exist now no that
Tania delete it no a kiss it
lailo we don't release it because it doesn't exist period x
of ddd well nothing we made it up
completely and now the t comes and sings to you loser you
are a loser
you don't get a penny even
if you open the register even if you play along with
Loli When you knew  that didn't
have cancer you're the only one who doesn't
get anything You're a
loser you're a real loser
because the tan has taken it and they've filled
the box Why because of the hate Jai Oliveira you
should have said that you were going to
report Javi if you had said that you
were eh if you had said that you wanted to
report Javi the hater and the
sick youtubers with me just like they
did with Tania They would have given you money
in private by anonymous bison You know
Even if it was [ __ ] [ __ ] the la the
complaint or the report even if it's
[ __ ] [ __ ] but to say that to
say that it's against Javi They wouldn't have given you
the money and that's it And you're a
loser the tan just took some
money she didn't say how much she didn't say
how much they gave her in bison okay she
said that she paid the
attorney you know Tania has
already taken the box they've filled it and you didn't you you
got to the box 200 and some euros
you said Oh well I'm going to put a box
here permanently  every month they don't even take you
this you haven't even taken Loli's
So for Still now we'll see about
Peppa and Loli they're already
throwing themselves that she didn't have cancer surprise no we
already knew okay eh And you've been
knowing that she didn't have cancer
making up the staples I don't know what guy you
sell yourself for a [ __ ] for a [ __ ] you
sell yourself dude and you don't get anything in the end
eh anyway it's that in the end he doesn't get anything
the loser is the word loser but
loser eh literally
eh one is that he's a
loser audios are leaked of the
loser saying that he knew that Loli didn't
have cancer Well anyway it was
invented knowing that she didn't have cancer he invented a
move to cover it up he
invented the staples thing that he had
seen her with the staples so that he had
seen the scar And what he took a
[ __ ] [ __ ] he took a few
donations in member in what
Loli has given him the pppa has taken
showers of Super chat showers of visum
you know and Oh it has given me  500 Oh Well I
also have it yellow the video is
[ __ ] for you loser you are a
loser you Here dragged for free and
now Tania arrives after
you have been making a fool of yourself all
week and now your friend María
Isabel arrives very good
first about the petition on
change.org sarras very good Lisa very
good well about the petition on
change.org I have never denied nor do I
intend to deny that 12 13 years ago I
opened a petition on
change.org and they let you Braga
man and they let you work that's it
we have requested and received an
official certificate from change.org
confirming that the petition was emptied in
2018 several years before the opening of
this YouTube channel therefore the
claim that it was modified in
November is completely
false no
No the truth is that no
Tania
montillo montillo montillo
[Music]
I have to I have to zoom so that
a little thing cannot be seen
okay November 21, 2024 at
235 okay There is a
modification
page the same night that everything is
exploding about half an hour
after everything started exploding Tania
comes in and then modifies deletes the
petition writes the word nothing okay And
then uh it changes when she changes the
title when she changes the title changes
the the the at sign or in other words the link the link
changes when she changes the title okay or in other
words the
link the link It takes more or less uh So that
you understand me okay the link
has the title of the of the the link
has the title of the petition
okay the URL the link has the title of
the petition when she changes it and puts
the word nothing then the link starts to
change too I don't know why
sometimes it happens with some web pages and not with
others okay um
what's up Cassandra who
are you telling that to I'm showing it to you
on the screen okay I mean this is a
record that we already have certified
nothing happens maybe mass Okay well it's that it's
more per it's that Roberto Navarrete and the
people on Twitter shared
screenshots of chain.org not the same
night no I mean for example how I
found out I found out being here
live because they started sending me that they were
putting on
Twitter How would I find out if not I mean yes
yes it didn't exist How would I find
out and not me but it was already going
viral on
Twitter don't miss it Now it turns out
that Tania says that one of the web pages
where her authorship is listed is not hers of
who it was then but I don't care
or rather the one who didn't publish it was
me that she now wants to say that
she didn't create the page but that it was
created in her name
Well look, she's reporting
the person who published it for identity theft what do you
want me to tell you, I mean this
was published by you with
your Avatar photo Okay and and this was Look
Elena says Yes I went in to see it
yes yes but if this was going
viral on Twitter I mean but let's
see is that Tania wants to make us believe
that she deleted it in 2018 But
then where where did
people
get it from where did people come up with it
and make everyone no it doesn't make
sense But if the modifications are here
on the page on
November 21st okay  2024 at
1105 the page the the the you modify it
Tania but it's not just that
you modify it There's a page
here there are two web pages in particular two forums okay apart from Facebook okay apart from Facebook Look well it's absurd Look I'm going to censor one thing okay eh apart from Facebook wait okay look I'll zoom in because I can't censor right now okay look eh on Facebook on a lot of
web pages on a lot of
web pages Even on Ana Rosa's show
on the Tele5 website on the
Temptation Island website
on the website from when I don't know if
I don't remember if when the thing with Rosito
But well I would have to see it okay but I
have them all I have them all okay
some with hundreds of likes eh And
hundreds of shares eh I can't download
okay because in the URL the link has the
names of the magistrate because she
put the title the name of the magistrate
and the name more names okay
So
personally what can I tell you Tania
you have published this you have spread it not
only on Facebook but as  I
was telling you there are a couple
of web pages there are a couple of
web pages Tania
where you not only publish it also
to give diffusion to your chain.org
but all kinds of details okay This
is public yet you haven't deleted it
yet run now go and delete it now
but it doesn't matter you know everything that
people were finding okay I'm not
going to start reading it right now okay
but I have them already certified in case you
want to delete them
okay he put the name of the judge and the
procedure number he put everything I know so he
put everything and now he wants to go
delete it delete it look here for example I
have a couple of web pages Look at this one
in particular that I have on screen that I'm not
going to put it now
and this web page has a lot of
traffic it's a very very very well known web page
okay
and it is a very very very well known web page
okay And it has a forum and here in the forum
Tania you are telling every
detail of something that you want to do you
are saying in what face you are
saying a topic of the bisis or in other words
you are in charge of making all this public
in a lot of forums but  forums with
tons and tons of visits so
what you want now to pretend that this did
n't exist so that I can fool you what I'm
telling you Tania is that if I find myself you
can report it and let justice
say if we committed a crime or not
perfect okay but as I find myself
between the complaint stating that these
things didn't
exist then I'm going to take action
because you can't file a
false complaint you understand So you want to
report Hey look I published this
on a ton of sites And now I've
started to bother this youtuber
and people have found this and it has gone
viral on Twitter okay these crimes
in the crime that is that I don't like I don't
like it when the youtuber messes with me
I like to mess with him perfect and
threaten him that I'm going to get a lot of
[ __ ] out of him if you put that in the complaint
Perfect perfect you are within your right
that you don't find it nice or that it
bothers you perfect but if I
find myself in the complaint that says that
you didn't publish this man I
'm going to take action Be clear but it's not
that  I'm going to go It's that Pablo is the
first one who is going to want to
take them you understand me or rather but come on, the
atrocities that you have published in forums
atrocities, level of messing with the minor
eh who would be the one that well comments
that have been deleted even this very
week You understand what my
alanne said what my alanne said that you are
applauding
everything what she said can you repeat
what
alanne said I haven't seen the [ __ ] what she
posted guys can you copy and paste
alanne's message please remind everyone
that we have set a
very interesting goal today okay very interesting the
goal says Rober Tania's defense
is that she deleted the original request and
that according to
her it forced us to not echo
the media that echoed it but
Look let's see Rob You published
screenshots of the Chain the first day that you
later deleted I don't remember if it was
because the photo of the man appeared or I don't remember
What's up
Ah okay calas he kicked someone out
okay he kicked someone who was
bothering me I don't like Casandra from the SAT
okay okay okay No I don't know what she was
putting what she was
putting but  Well she wants to
defend herself by saying that she closed the
petition in 2018, of course she closed the
petition in 2018 because the man would have been
released from prison and then she would
n't collect the signatures, okay, perfect,
but that was public, but come on, come on, if
not, you wouldn't
find it, but in terms of people
being talking about this and it went
viral on Twitter, it went viral on
Twitter but no, because someone
imagined it and hit the nail on the head,
no, people were talking about this
because people found it,
no, then no, yes, if people found it, it
was no, or it wasn't, I
really thought it
was a famous guy, but Rober, you
published the screenshot, is it true or is it a
lie because I saw that you later
deleted the tweet and put up a
different one, I mean, you published the screenshot.
No, I believed it was a case of a
famous guy, a case like Antonio David,
of course, but we all saw it, we didn't see
everything, damn it, we took it
out in an
illegal way, I mean, I don't understand, but
well, I'm already saying it, I mean,
to me  It seems perfect to me that she takes
legal action. Let's see, it doesn't seem perfect to me
because she's asking
people for money to throw it away to say it
to put a headline against me or I don't know
what it's worth. And because now I have to
spend the money too, right? I mean,
then Perfect, perfect, well it doesn't
seem like a person who dedicates herself to
harassing me for I don't know how many months,
eh. Because I had a sentence that was
a fine for insults and threatening me
that she was going to take out a lot of [ __ ] and that she had
a lot of [ __ ] on me, I don't know what it's
worth.
Well, what do you want me to tell you? I mean,
later when they talk about the things that
you yourself have published, well, I don't understand,
okay. I don't understand
the whole thing
that if I find myself with a complaint,
okay, that I don't know who the
defendants will be, I think she said it's
me and a few other tweeters. If I
find out that the complaint says that
she didn't make it public, that the Chain doesn't exist
and all these things, man, then
we will take some action
against her because that would obviously be falsification. I
mean, the one has to
tell the truth. Look, I  I published and
then I got embarrassed without further ado, very
good, secondly, about the blog that they
mentioned.
Well, as for this blog that has been
shown,
we have obtained the accreditation that
proves that it belongs to a third party other than
me who published that information in
2013, then the complaint is also going to be filed against that
man, that is, you want to file a complaint against the... In other words,
you are going to file a
complaint against this man against the blog. In other words, there is a man who
signed the article for you because the
article is signed by published by
Tania Palacios. And then that man is included
in the complaint or are you only going to file a complaint against
the people who echoed that
blog that was already
public, the block is still there. Yes, yes, of
course, the bl is still there,
a blog that she herself has
disseminated, I am not understanding anything, I mean, I
really am not understanding
anything, I have no control or
availability over said content,
okay, María Teresa, very good, I want to
clarify. This is okay, about the November 21st edition,
okay,
okay, here is something else that they just sent me,
certified,
also, created by your same user,
Tania, created by your same user,
Tania ago  5 years well 4 years 4 years 4
years created by the same user 4 years ago
signed by almost 7000 people there is a
petition that you
also created in support of Antonio David Flores
Antonio David Flores tried and sentenced
for
35 This is another petition that
you made with your
username a kiss Carmen What a desire to
look for problems by mouth flip-flop
woman with her hand on her forehead face
blank cones me a lot too I tell you
one thing eh Tania is not a very
intelligent person I think it's obvious this
sweats
also although with dizziness but always in
the boat of totally Olga Thank you very much thank you
to all of you who are
supporting the objective like we don't
get off the boat Javi but it wasn't her it
was another Tania The Movida is that she has
more petitions on chain.org
anyone who reaches that petition
can reach all the petitions that
she has eh La Movida
[Music]
that oh what has gone away I am left
blank yes yes you are sending me
everyone by WhatsApp that the page is
still
public yes yes the blog is still public The
Tania thing, let's see, she's a stubborn person, she's obtuse,
because F, you know, in the end this
could bring her more consequences, it could
bring her a lot of headaches, it could
bring her that it could harm her in the end, whatever
she does or whatever she
earns outside of
YouTube, but she's stubborn, she's being
manipulated, okay, I mean, she's not a person, she's not a
smart person, so they're
manipulating her, they're giving her
instructions and you have to do this, you
know, and she's doing it, the person
who
manipulates her, you know. So in that sense, I
think it's also about that.
No, you didn't want the
Tania case to be spread. What else do you want
exactly, the supposed edition
mentioned by Mr.
Oliveira is not like that, okay, it's about the
malicious registration of a page in the Wayback
Machine with the apparent purpose of
preventing it. It's not good. The first thing is, if it's in the
Wayback Machine, I haven't
checked it, I don't know if Lobo Can you
look that up for me please or LoL or someone
and send it to me on WhatsApp?
Please can you look it up to see if it
's in the Wayback Machine? I mean, her  It says
that on that date there is a record on the W
Machine monce if so can you send it to me
please peres of course if there is a
record on the we Machine it is because
the
page existed which makes no sense a
malicious record But how
malicious if there is a record it is that
the
page is there if there is a record it is that
the page is
still public if not there is no
record But equally the
modification record is not on the we
Machine robe can you check for me
please Someone who can get into
the web Machine can check that
record that she says and send it to me by
WhatsApp please because I want to see it but
of course if that record also exists
then that means the page exists Tania
okay lorelo Of course the page exists
but if we are going to see if it is that
simple it seems that we are
debating with a wall let's see or
with a rock If people find it it is because it
was like that there is no more I mean
people have not searched a drawer in
your house Tania If people have
found it it is because it was on the
internet Javi be brave And say Who is
Irene León Well look gon  there is nothing
I would like more, just for
gossip, to know the story of
Irene León, what is behind it, and
why, who she
really is, but if the page is still
public, Robe, but now what
exists? No, apart from the page, well, Robe, there is
a blog, I don't know if you have it, but
today several
people sent me a blog
and where did they also get the
information? no, there is a blog with
numerous visits where
she consults people. Hey, but what
can I do? How can I do it for
Babis, I don't know what those types of
questions are, what is she? Is she on the
blog, but apart from the fact that she herself has been
entering these days and deleting
comments, it makes no
sense to remove them from the internet, despite the fact
that it contains personal data of a
third party, data that you published, Tania,
so there is no more. Look, one recognizes that it
was she who published the chain.org, two
admits that there is a blog in which there is
personal data of a third party published
by her over which she has no control
because she is not the owner,
three apparently. Oh well, the one about the flight is
also included in the complaint, no, the one about the
flight is also in  the complaint No that's
the forum
Javi No no no no no no the forum no the the
forum is another the forum is another the forum the
forum she shows off in detail eh I mean
in the Miss mastour forum a kiss Eh
Apparently against the owner of the Blog that is
still published does not say anything about
filing a complaint Of course because it is a
media complaint it is a complaint to
announce it simply worth to say
that these four youtubers are sued
I suppose that the rest of us are to
blame for making Echoes of that blom
five about hiring a solicitor
to find out about some
preliminary proceedings after the complaint I'll keep quiet
Eh well he said something about that subject
too not about the subject of the
solicitor I saw something I don't know if it was here or
yesterday Thank you very much thank you
friends m m there is also a forum my goodness yes yes there are
a lot of
things There are a lot a lot a lot
of things where she published it but a
lot of spam Because she also spams it
because she wanted to give it a lot of
diffusion girl but let's tell you
one thing tanan I'll tell you  One thing
you wanted to erase from the internet, well, what a
nerve you have, girl, well, what a
nerve you have, I mean, you come here
to beat people up and threaten them, yes,
because you have this sentence, yes,
because you went to court with your
hands behind your back, yes, because you went to
court with these clothes, yes, because you
have a prior hearing, I don't know what
day, yes, because I have a lot of [ __ ] and I'm
going to get it out of you, what a nerve, what a nerve you
have, no. I mean, you were thinking of
hiding yours but threatening the others,
no, mm
m okay, steal, okay, okay, steal, I mean,
the we-machín is not there, what I'm
saying is something else, of course. The
page that I'm talking about of the records is
another, the page that I'm talking about of the
records is another, but well, I don't
understand what she wants to fight for. I mean,
her defense is that she
would have deleted chain.org
before, but not the rest of the things. So
what do you want, Tania? I mean, I don't understand. What
is, what is your
request, of course, the issue of the provision of
funds of the attorney general, this was done
to locate the proceedings already.  that the
squadron mosus but not to m to have all this
that has come out that
Loli should be grateful that they
arrest him it's also true Olga be it is
tremendous the response of es carella eh
be the first Tania is that who
starts to threaten you and starts to insinuate
And to slip that that exists okay is
your friend Loli Of course but well the thing is that
Tania is commenting right now she
posted a comment a
while ago in her statement saying that
Antonio Troy is burning she hasn't said that
the Chain doesn't
exist that they tell him in court
otherwise we can't make a family
you those who want to help me okay you those who
want to help me because
this of course now I have to pay okay
eh those who want to help me there you have
the objective Okay there you have the
objective I'm not getting off the boat they will send
the complaint to the court then it is
calculated Obviously the volume of
documents to be presented in this process and
the people with whom well
legal actions are being interposed
including the need obviously to
send copies Okay
so we are talking about a
criminal process not a civil one  It's a criminal process and
for what was donated to me I preferred to pay the
provision to the attorney in advance
with the money that was donated to me, fulfilling
the specific purpose of the
funds received. This is what I want to
communicate to you, I want to clarify this issue,
okay, I want to provide transparency because,
well, they have left,
incorrect data has been disseminated. Okay, then
this is simply the statement Margot,
very good Ita, eh, and Adriana Salazar,
good queen, simply this is what I'm
going to say so far. Okay, and that's it.
Thank you very much. Now
I'm saying it for all the people who
have supported me, for all, thank you to
all the people who have made it possible for
me to defend myself in court.
Thank you,
eh, but not
to. Thank you, Javi, everyone is with you, crab,
a kiss. Alejandra says. Roberto Kenchin
tells you that if other media echo the
deletion, you have to ask them
too. Of
course, having donated in that little box and
obviously those donations go to what they go for, okay,
we have the first phase
paid for, then a second will come, God
willing, and the third. But well, for
now the first one is done. Okay,
simply also, well, I wanted to
take this opportunity to give you the  infinite
Thanks Rosa laur good eh because I know
I'm not very quiet eh
Right now I don't feel like doing anything on social media
I'm very calm
and nothing well Antonio will keep you informed
unless I have to open Okay and
Antonio will keep you
informed tremendous
family of this ship they won't move us a
kiss pas How are you
sweetheart a kiss Paz How are you sweetheart
Okay so here I leave you for a moment
with Loli on screen I'm going to the bathroom really
fast Okay I'm going to the bathroom really fast and we'll
see what happened we see this bun
while you hit the like button well What's up What's up What's up What's up What's up What's up What's up What's up What's up What's up What are you
arguing about in the chat Let's see do
you agree or
not I can't hear Hello Hello Hello Well now it's
going to be heard don't
worry very well I ca
n't
hear
okay very well Let's
see the other day in the
Corrillo we put on a clip that apparently
Huertas hadn't seen on the
Peppa Channel she hadn't
found out you have my captain the sad one
but you give it for ad the  whoa there
eh a kiss Mercedes darling I hope you
're okay I'm glad to see you here let's
see if you can tell me how you're admitted Let's
see the process is criminal due to the penalty it
gives the ridiculousness that she's making
tremendous Carmen Thank you very much
rolling with laughter face
rolling with laughter let's see what about whether they
admit her or
not what is admitting no I understand that
if you go with a lawyer and a
solicitor I understand that they will admit the complaint
no I mean or at least
that they call you to testify
no I understand that at least they call
the parties to testify
Yes now
then what comes next
no Of
course mm of course to trial that comes to
trial I think not I don't know the truth I think not I mean it's that of
course she what is it that
the crime that she is when what is it that they are
talking about
something that she has that she has
published and has given diffusion What's happening that
bothers her a lot what can I tell you is it is that
no I don't know what it is that she wants to
discuss that The truth doesn't make much
sense But well leave her I mean it's
because she has a person  behind that is not
well the person who is behind and
has a well has several people
behind that are not well who are
telling him to put it because it is something
against me that well everything adds up everything adds up
to go against Javi you know or rather without
more no Ale no no
yes it is strange Sara It is strange the truth Or
rather the attorney pays it to to to
request an I don't know to request about the
complaint that she filed in the mosu I don't know
the truth what do you want me to tell you no no no it doesn't
worry me it doesn't keep me up at night the
truth sincerely outside of the
content Well if something has to come up
then Pablo will do his job he will have to
dedicate a day of work to that We
will have to spend money on
Pablo answering and paying the attorney
no And that is going to be the that is going to be the
screw up that makes us do you understand or rather
spend money on that do you understand that you have to you have to
go to testify
Well maybe he will make me do it
one day go to testify I don't know the truth is
that he will make me one day already testify Well it
could also be maybe something
although I think that is by video call
[Music] I don't
know either king but well that's what I'm
telling you uh m
it's because the headline basically the
people behind it would be
funny if it were the same lawyer as the
series that would be the whole sign of the
support that she has Of
course I smell uh I mean having
found out who the laser lawyer is
len I smell of course I smell that I smell that they are going to we are
going to have that that
surprise I'm flying that we are going to
know who the lawyer is why Because I have
also seen that lawyer
interacting with this topic I mean I have
seen that lawyer respond to tweets
from Joan Planas and on the subject
Tania So if they have named her the
lawyer already I have named her the lawyer I'm
already cracking
up But well it will be good to see in
the line of these characters without
more in the line of these
characters without
more soon the springdown leaks it Well
let's see what happens to Loli It turns out
that Loli the other day apparently
enjoyed the Corrillo and saw a clip of
something that Peppa had said that I think  that
she hadn't seen it on
Peppa's Channel and she found out through the Corrillo
So the next day after the Corrillo
Loli exploded Hi how are you I have nothing
to say but since you have to upload
content every day I thought I'm going to say
hello to these people this what This is not
man This is not the good one wait the
good one is this to tell you that you have
sent me a click someone has sent me
a very interesting click but from the
geeks of the Corrillo from yesterday well it
seems good to me that telesalseo
five of them get together and comment on other things YouTube
is very good perfect but I'm going to do
one thing Before reacting today I'm going to
watch the real live Since it is on that
channel those people who were there usually
do cuts and sticks very well So I don't
trust anything eh It's supposed to be supposed
that someone takes out a credit card
A wolf disguised as a grandmother a
credit card without credit and she
heads like a zasca towards
me from the Channel that was sent to me well
no I don't take much importance from the
channel that zasca comes from we haven't either
given a lot of importance but she wants attention if she wants it we will give it to her and we will react if she wants it we will give it to her but really it is not worth it she is a channel that only serves to do that Oh well because maybe she has seen it on FJ no and that is only why she is a
lady who only knows how to ask and ask and ask and
ask and you
gave it to her Loli So I was right no no
let's see when already already already they are
recognizing that you did not have and you
have also recognized her let's see if no longer let's see
if already I also came out to say that
the mantra that many
pathetic people repeat is a lie that it is not that she gave
money to those interested in SEO and when she
stopped giving money she was given a hard time and that is why
no no no no daughter atil
Peppa Under her resentment because she no longer
wanted her here okay she began to get heated up
heat up heat up and to put that in your
head that did not exist okay why
you insult insult insult the
lawsuits you will take them and also you will
fill her pocket okay let's go
since we are already here
I  I think that
everything should be fully recognized and
this cycle should be closed and that's it, I mean, we've
always been right here, always
on the phone, so nothing should continue, let her continue with her thing, we're
going back to
ours, our issues, as for
Pantoja,
Isabel María, don't know, don't do it, that's what
Isabel María wants, I agree with you, she's
a lady who spent an entire
December, she's had a good Christmas at
my expense, at the expense of talking about me, at the
expense of lying and yes, gentlemen, she went to eat
with her lawyer, she stuck her tongue out at him, you're a
winner. This is something that Peppa must have told her,
okay, this, if she
tells you like that,
I think that knowing Loli, what I
think is that
the pppa must have told her is that she might have
had an affair with someone who's a
lawyer, I think, eh, I mean, obviously
also coming from Loli, well, you know,
not the La
Movida, the Movida is that one thing is that,
okay, a person might have had an affair
with a lawyer. Well, look, because people get
involved with people, right? Marta
Riesco has been with Terelu,
to call  to tell a person who is a
prostitute you
understand me and it seems that the satisfaction
was not what was desired
because she already decided not to report anyone
else clear water now now if others
call her pros and she says that it was
me who called her pros well there she is
she will know what she does when she
considers herself that way well it will be a problem
that she will have no Well This was what
Peppa said about
Victoria that if someone calls
someone a prostitute and that person takes it
personally Well the problem is hers
in fact Peppa said that when they
said it to her it didn't hurt her because she didn't
take it personally do you
remember the lawyer was Peppa's boyfriend a
year ago I don't know Yasmina this It
will be something that she has told
Loli in private and Loli what she is
saying is good well wouldn't she like
the lawyer very much when I don't know no she didn't
report anyone else no
therefore no
Hey how interesting this that orus sends me
Hey how interesting this that
orus sends me
Look
at what you have been left with
look Loli one  of the things I
'll never forgive you for And now I'm going to
tell you yesterday I touched Elena took it the
touch took it Elena
is that you weren't with your heart
in your mouth Antonio and me be careful because
Antonio also had a really
bad time and we started subtracting my mother and
I there on the
couch because you were going to the operating room to have
lung cancer removed I
'll never forgive you for that not for
me but for my
old lady who started subtracting like a
fool So eat
this eh eat this one this one eat it Ah but anyway I'll leave this for later but oru I thought you were sending me a clip of what you texted me send me what you're texting me the thing about her
kneeling down is another thing that she said More things
but of course now as I've known for a
while at least I'm starting to
suspect she's looking to see if they'll give her
a little box next to her little friend and one
of those little squares Well come on Well let them give it to her let them
give it to her  Don't
waste your time, gentlemen, like this, eh,
share it,
eh, I'm going to watch the clip. I didn't want to
react too much. I don't think it's like you
said it here, eh. No, I don't know, I don't
do it. And Antonio says he saw the staples and
everything. How embarrassing those of you who have given the
ball. How embarrassing to have given the ball to
this
woman, not believing you anymore because even if
you believe it, I understand that
supporting a person that you believe
is sick is already lying because
obviously Antonio you hadn't seen, you hadn't
seen pairs, you hadn't seen
staples, you hadn't seen anything, no
scars or anything. How embarrassing all
those who have lied for a lie
like this,
man. Exactly that's what I think I
should do, not do it, but it turns out
that before all
this, I know that since Antonio made
the song for me,
eh, all this is moving, they started
to tell me if Andrés laughed with Yoli
Panda at me, at my things, at the lies they
laughed at. Yes, but they didn't laugh at what was
happening, they were laughing at the
comments in the chat and people  that's why
later of course they had to say
sadly we have to go because
the world is getting into a mess one day I'll do a
live show and that afternoon they'll have everything
ready So ​​more of a screw because there's
nothing else from here
So be careful careful careful
careful because if he wants an answer he'll
start making an appointment because if he
wants an answer his
blood pressure is sure to go up Well of course Pepa was
leaving because her blood pressure was going up with
these things no for
sure threaten to report go on and
Pull a belly because they've told you
that you want to suck it and all that and you
're with the card messing around just
because it means money
Hey lady eh They've told you that you're
a tick hitting the balls and that he
wants to suck it And that doesn't have that that
has no future it has that your ex-boyfriend
you go to eat to talk about these
lawsuits and at the farewell after already
telling you all his troubles and his whole life he
sticks his tongue in your face and it
turns out not to have the same effect that it had
in previous years touch your nose
that's  be a prost very well what the
other said
No man
lol but you're saying that she
paid the lawyer in kind you're
calling her a
prostitute but let's be
clear what the others said was not
calling her that it was something else well this
lady to me The bufa me The bufa says
Yasmina yes Javi I believed it I didn't know
anyone else and that's when I realized
everything of course there won't be people who come from
of the people who I know support these
people no and Poor thing there are still
people there there are still people there who
support these people I mean the other Well
we've seen that there are people who have
paid Tania the box for me eh it has
been I think I prefer even
notice what I tell you eh I prefer an
Alanne and a Javier Oliveira than this
because this is true that it is
treacherous as
hell write this down eh write this down
that now I'm going to put another
quite interesting clip that Orus is sending me
says Loli prefers a
Javi Oliveira over Peppa  and to an alanne
who are the ones who are not
traitors because I have not had contact with either Alanne or
Javi and
yet with these Yes and I believe
Today many of the things that Alan and
Javier Oliveira say that this lady did I
believe because she is proving it
because yes let's go but I tell you
calmly no Of course it's true
Peppa was talking about you taking money from you I mean
let's see but it's like this I mean
let's see if you
have if you have a channel like mine
okay a channel where look right now there are
1800 people here there are 100 people
right now in the chat you know what
100 people are man it's a whole wedding
invites
150 you know what 18 people are or more
at the time not 3000 okay whatever it is okay let's
go
1800 you see normal Oli that a person
who creates a
YouTube channel okay that is a person who is
good getting close to Javi precisely
well of all the people in
the chat he likes you and starts
talking to you  in private to spend
hours in
private it had to be very
short it had to be very very short to
think that precisely of the 18
people that are in the chat Well 1800 that there
were every day of all the
people that have the Javi community Hey look, she'd
like to talk to you that you
're very nice Hey look, she
felt like talking to you and having
contact with you privately with
precisely the one that was letting out super chat
of color and color and
colors and Look at you where on top of that
you're also going against
Javi and against Alan
man Man you have to be guilty of being
innocent But well There you have it,
these things
now With the years that we've been here with the
[ __ ] with the things that we comment on and
with the such that it still falls into
this now there is no donor
like Loli But I hope that for the
next one man it wo
n't be because alanne hasn't been warned
but I that let's see that we have
conversations where Peppa talks about the
money that Loli has and how
the money that Loli has catches her attention
but I really do but let's
watch now for real If I were a
person who donates money to a channel
where there are so many viewers because
if you say Well it's a
tiny community like mine that I know whatever it is it
's not a tiny community that has 200
300 viewers but no no in a
community where there are thousands of
people thousands of people in the
gentlemen thousands of people in the
youth
damn precisely you have fallen well and
precisely I am going to have contact with
you privately man for
God's sake that I understand that maybe
many times it's people like Loli
Hey well lack of company you need that you
need attention no and you feel that
it's being given to you by a person well half
known or that or that hangs out with
known people you know and I play dumb I
play dumb but that you surprise yourself
man for
God oru is going to send me the c o o they are
Yugoslavian lady says that if she has
copied the phrase if not this is time
This is to collect and that's the only thing she
wants Yes madam Peppa Bertrán only
moves for the money and be careful I
tell you careful if it's real and I have to
answer careful what they say  that you
're not very well we already saw it in December that's why I
decided
eh Not to react to all the [ __ ]
you threw at me But be careful Mrs.
Bertrán go asking if you decide
that we have to answer and go make an appointment with
the lawyer
too Loli for God if you have
gone three towns she falls in love very well Yes yes I have
gone three towns I have
answered three towns Yes yes
sir eh Yes I have gone three towns let's
see if you confuse me with a
little bean eh I didn't do that thing with the little bean
nor did I say it eh I don't know what
that
little bean thing is
jova I'm going to miss such hours of
live broadcast but I have to
sleep What's up Nuri cri they are all
scoundrels one for attention and others
for the money Nuri the money thing seems worse to me
eh it's many times to
what many times maybe let's see Loli has her things she's not a slanderer she's obviously a person who has no way, has no education, has no training, she doesn't have whatever to behave in  an audience, I mean the
things that Loli has said about us no matter
how much you're angry Look at
me This has happened to me more times this no no
This is neither the first nor will it be the
last surely okay That's why there are
many people who maybe get to the
point of doing a s ago a visa Javi
you'll see Ho in my movie well fay it
depends I don't have much content
eh There are people who start giving me the
visas so as not to do it here in
public today the pppa recognizes that the LoL
lied about her
cancer
wow Well it wasn't that she had said the wrong
word a kiss solaje
now you arrive now you arrive at m This is
neither the first nor will it be the last that
happens to me it happened but look it has happened to me for
example it also happened to me once one that
was very marked it was a few
years ago and and I did a Game Over to the
guy who was the same there was a person
who
eh dude anyway in the end it pisses you
off because whether you like it or not and I'm going to
say it very clearly with you I am very
transparent okay I mean it is very difficult to
find people that luckily I
have a lot of community  and I am a
very good community that always responds
very well to everything but damn you
find few people who are the ones who
give strongly not people who
donate strongly who contribute strongly to the Channel
that in the end are the people who
make you unable to continue well everything is
important everything adds up no because when you
have many people who maybe
also collaborate and are members and so
on also no but damn thanks
to your work thanks to your diffusion
thanks to a video that goes viral
thanks to whatever you get your
sponsors that are called in yunou they were
called sponsors no Well in
Juno the same thing happened to me too, I mean a
kid I don't know what it was I don't know what happened to him a
long time ago that I don't I don't
see him on the networks or anything e Well the
same thing, I mean when you have a
person who donates a lot to you,
18 channels appear that collaborate with you and not
happy with collaborating with you not
happy with collaborating with you they start
going after also not of the people
who donate to you
Javi what you should be
transparent about is that I've already seen you
Dolores that  I've already seen you but since you
're not a member I don't see you
well you know I mean like how the [ __ ] [ __ ] in the
end these are things that are part of your
job your
salary look jou you know that case But there
have been several cases of that Eh well and no I
can't do anything because in the end what am I
going to do I can't do anything against
it no I'm not going to stop collaborating with
people or when I like someone
bring them to the Channel or whatever okay
and I'm not going to stop people from
contributing to the Channel no I mean but those who
have been here with me for years have seen
many people pass by who have been
great contributors who suddenly
disappear and it's because of issues and then there
are issues too and in the end they don't
donate to one or the other Auri a kiss you
put it in the shop window of eh I
steal but you can't avoid the people
who donate to you
okay if you can avoid the people with whom you
collaborate no but of course what can I
tell you I mean I think that
I It's that I'm too clear with
you okay but you have experienced it the
people of the community those who  you've been doing this for
many years it's happened many times damn let's
see it's not okay with with having
given you a diffusion or with hate excited that you
appear here with me no no no it's not
okay with that you're going to speak
privately to the people with whom
the channel contributes I mean that's already tremendous
then you're telling me clo what that
comment came from Not that it's
more Loli's fault than her for this and the
other for that, it seems more
to me for it seems
more worse to me for the person who is looking for
her, I mean it seems
more you
know you know from her part of the I
think it's ugly Yeah another other other things
other things Lolly inventing a
cancer the first thing you understand me
horrible being a friend being a
friend Because also of course what I
understood from that the objective reading that
despite my my enmity no no
differences not with Peppa of course my
most sincere reading that what could have come
from there is that Loli would know that Peppa
would have a lawyer friend no or someone she
trusted who would surely take
her court cases and that Hey, well, she
could pull from  Hey maybe she's
hooked up with the lawyer I don't know
maybe she told him that and from there it went let's
see Javi you do know because I
told you Fernando was my boyfriend
many years ago This isn't new to you
that you want to act a little crazy
Yes but you do know I told you that that we
had Well look Peppa if you hadn't
told it you wouldn't know that I know Of course
I know that you've been with the lawyer Of
course I know if you don't tell it you wouldn't
know that I know that's me you know the one
you're the one who has been telling
personal things about me and my family and
people that we can't talk about and
the one you've also told on your
YouTube channel things that I told you
privately there you have it yourself you
just revealed it without meaning to that's me
more was stalking have you been
celebrating a birthday with a balloon of
10,500 I went on vacation I went
to Thailand help my friend have you
been  throwing [ __ ] and look there you
just revealed it I'm still eh I don't
know if this is Thursday I don't know what day
this is I'm still in the Corrillo
acting crazy as if I didn't know Of
course I know it, no, I, I, I am a
person with codes that I have, I have them I have them
tattooed since I was
little the codes that I have and the
principles that I have you can
behave now you can behave people
like you, you lowlife who have behaved
with me look I'm still here
this was the other day I'm not wearing the
rq sweatshirt you can behave like
you have behaved you who have even been spouting
things about me about my family about
people you can't talk to you are
a lowlife I
don't Solage beautiful thank you very much
she alone well this this look
horrible being a friend being a
friend Because also of course what I
understood from that the objective reading that
despite my enmity no no
differences not with Peppa eh of course
the most sincere reading that could be
made of there is that Loli would know that
Peppa would have a friend  lawyer no or
someone trustworthy who would surely
handle his court cases and that
Hey, well, he could pull from Hey, maybe they've had an affair
with the lawyer I don't
know maybe he told him that and from there it
went let's see Javi You do know
because I told you Fernando
was my boyfriend many years ago This
isn't new to you that you want to act a
little crazy
Yes but that you do know I told you that that we
had well say it in
full I have codes you're a
lowlife that you've been telling things about
people that I'm not going to put it
on the table here that you should be
ashamed of or even look at my face Peppa you've
been talking about people in my family
that we can't talk about because of
their age eh And you've been talking to your
moderators And telling intimate things And
you should still be
ashamed to mention my name your
face should be ashamed of
still being able to make money with my
name in the title eh That's you, a
bas a Look, me in the Corrillo with a
person who has  harassed Take me to the
court if you want harassed huh And look
still in the Corrillo with these people
pretending to be crazy that I know about your
boyfriend and I haven't gone too far
I said simple and only exus that makes
two in the same night
Loli prefers a lanne and a Javi
Oliveira before a Peppa and Peppa
prefers a Javi Oliveira before
a Loli now take the little garbage group
and keep getting together out of spite because I took you
out of paradise from my side What
I've lived through anamora and I respect your opinion
is respect that you think that I've
gone too far is that I haven't
gone too far I've gone 40 towns
because and I've come to be completely unhinged
and I agree with you I've come
to be completely unhinged
No there we're not going to take away your
reason and I'm going to respect that yes it's
true that I've gone too far alone I'm true
alone I'm in love the mental hallucination
given to candy from the lady with the
hotels that  that's not the mental hallucination
that if my husband cheats on me
and I am and I don't care that's not
true either ma'am
now maybe I understand why the lady
tried to secretly call my husband with
her brother's phone number I
say I say I eh Ana Mora the lady
who tried to secretly call my husband
that's the same I'm going around in
circles eh But hey when a
girl feels loose all she has to say
and then you answer her that's
when you go too
far Well look love if we
decided to answer the first thing we would do
would be watch the live broadcasts of
lady
two eh It's that I'm getting heated
and I don't want to tell you okay but it's
disgusting what this aunt Peppa has
been telling about my family behind my back
that I'm getting heated and rocking but I
'm going to mess it up if I tell you I'm going to
mess it up but no I've never told you
because I can't obviously put some topics on the table
because they would be
bringing them to the fore you know
but but brutal low low a
person stop stop  cross paths with her
in life eh And on top of that she's still
monetizing with my name in the
title But look, she's alone Ah, she's
revealed herself not alone There she's
revealed herself not a little bit
not in December at her expense, I mean,
the ham that she brought me I've
thrown the whole December at
her own expense I don't know what she has to eat
but she must like mushrooms
and it seems that the satisfaction was not what was
desired because she already decided not to report
anyone that's what hurts them that you've
been a gentleman Well look, they
should be ashamed not only
Peppa yet eh everything she's
monetized with me okay And with hate
because she hasn't monetized by making
content about me I have no
problem with people talking about me I
know who I am I have Of course it's very
evident that people will have to talk
about me putting the title on me put the
thumbnail just like and I've done it
all my life with famous people
em But this person these chicks have
done it with hate Okay when Tania
Opens a box and people give her money
people  There is no money for Tania to defend herself, defend herself,
defend that she
has a husband who has done what he has
done, no, she does not give money to some
people with
shame, some people with shame
because they give her a retweet then they take away
the retweet because they put a tweet with
support then they take it away okay because they
give her the money but they put it as anonymous
No sir here Sol when she gives a superchat she
puts her name here the 12 people who
have today the objective are putting
your name to you are not
ashamed to support me the
people who have supported Tania are
ashamed to support Tania Irene
León is ashamed to give money to her
and ha with another ity but not to me where do they have to don't even think about it
No, of course not, you
already know how poisonous Peppa is, I don't know,
she knows what she has said, she knows
what she has said and everything she has done
has even led to a boyfriend of my sister, has
led to an ex-boyfriend of my
sister That is her illness, she takes an
ex-boyfriend of my sister to an interview
to get my name out at the end at some
point in the interview That's your
illness Peppa and really I mean there are
a lot of people who are telling you that you
have what you deserve for me you
have nothing of what you deserve you
deserve much more you deserve 20 20 the
oliveras deserves you I'm seeing
every day how you get together eh garbage
so much of the
lordly principles with people who are
supposed to be others people who are I mean
you get together simply
because of the hate that you have for me that you
deserve what's happening to you Peppa that
you deserve you deserve much more
infinitely much more infinitely
much more but anyway what I was
telling you okay Look if you are moved by
hate okay because in the end you are moved by
hate simply for me it is the only thing that
moves you hate envy you are moved by
hate and envy because you have not been
able to be by my side that you have
now had to even take a twitterer
that I called her attention for
something and you have made a movie of The
[ __ ] with the twitterer Okay
eh if you had been by my side I would
love myself I would
defend myself if I hadn't
kicked Peppa out of here when I saw her feather duster
Peppa would be defending me from Tania and
Peppa would be saying that Tania is this
and that Tania is that
if I hadn't
humiliated Tania in a debate Tania would be
criticizing Joan Planas and Planas
would be saying that she's a fat
smoker and I don't know what and I don't know how much
without more if I hadn't defended
utbh or Rodinger's cat one day and
everything that happened with Joan
Plana hadn't happened like he's supporting Antonia
and and
what do you know about hate for me is nothing more than
what moves you and it's very sad it's
very sad because I
pass Javi honey I didn't know anything about that I
came onto the channels recently I kiss
them but nothing more than you have to see it
Look at Yasmina Carrillo Donate with your first
and last name you get into
Tania's box and there's anonymous anonymous  anonymous and to
Troy why because they are ashamed to
support what they are supporting and they do it
anonymously and many of those anonymous
various okay
are people that you know from
YouTube you understand me
clearer water now now eh this
lady is the one who is with with with that
group eh So that she reports another
YouTube for her
privacy I did not go to eat with my
lawyer but if I go to eat of course
nothing happens absolutely nothing we
love each other very much we respect each other
very much not only me but also
my entire family But look at the way she
has of saying the barbarities that she
tells you the parities that she
invents or whatever Aha that if
others call her prof And she says that it was
me who called her pros it would be
her she will know what I did not I have not
said that you called me PR I
imagine it will be the prostitute thing you
gave to understand that in order to make a
complaint with my lawyer I had to
bend down and suck when Loli donated 200 to
the
tanú box by donating the money but if they do not
have a principle they do not have  dignity they have no
Look at
Peppa
eh she went to talk to Loli
after Loli accused her son okay Well she
accused her son of being about to
falsify a document that is
the day that Loli caught her about the
240 okay Peppa apparently She
called Loli according to Loli and Tania
according to Loli and
Tania Peppa was waiting for her
son to come to ask him to
falsify a document that that that does
n't mean that the son will force him to
accept because maybe later the son will
have a moment of lucidity despite how
crazy he is and say this can't be
done a kiss Josefina I know you have no
shame no shame I know you
have no shame Josefina to put
your name and surname there but these
people Look they call my son
eh the two convictions I have so
far are because they have meddled in
family property The two convictions that I have
had for the right to honor which are
fines for insulting people Nancy
a kiss are because they have  involved in
family issues okay
flexed biceps Javi face throwing a kiss face
throwing a kiss unless it's
a subject that then well They're sycophants are
this then they ask Forgiveness well okay these are
internet things and such okay but you take
my son and you hurt my son and
for money I'm going to be talking to you the following month
What is that but no What is that
these two of the same ilk zero
empathy with Peppa you never forget
how encouraged the other one when she insulted
other women and you totally But there are
people who are saying Peppa you get what
you deserve you get much less than what you
deserve she deserves much more
Ofelia Ofelia where is Ofelia now
Ofelia comes in at 12:20 at night you
took out the you took out the card and
you did this with the Well let's see if let's see if
you file a complaint swipe the card
because yours since you told us
Antoni that you had reported the grandfather and
Jai and I don't know who and nothing has been seen
eh here I am waiting for you  everyone with
open arms all your
complaints little by little has gone through
by the lawyers when she considers
herself like that well it will be a problem that
she will have No, I, the thing about the
kneeling down is another thing that she said More things
but of course now that you've been around for a
long time eh At least I'm
suspecting she's looking to see if they'll give her
a little box next to her little friend and and
those little squares Ah it's that I understand
that I want uh to go back with Javi to see
if they'll give me a little square of that or rather
maximum madness maximum madness eh of his I don't
know what's going on in her head I swear I
have no idea what's going on in her
head the route has that your ex-
boyfriend that you go to eat either he
told you the flight he doesn't mean that he
told you the flight that you're a tick that that has no
route to see people
Someone who
can I have that Isa to see it
later she wants from you that I know that that does
n't have a complaint that how have I not
reported that and if I'm going to
report her if this is the first
giving world and she didn't report  no
one has to go to see you
can report you can choose to
sue one person and not another
something is then the coherence and the logic
that has no I mean for example in the
case of Tania it doesn't make sense for her to
file a complaint against
people it doesn't make sense for you to
file a complaint against people when
the topic has gone viral that she has talked
about the topic that had already gone
viral and that you are not going to love the
people who according to you have supplanted your
identity and have published it for
you like angel that is that realize that they
are making a series
of Noa What's up
heart p before a liar than a
[ __ ] always with you Sevillian kiss
beautiful
[Music]
and of
live to safeguard the privacy
of the person and she is within that
group is another that other one or rather she is we are they are
with the campaign of we must
mess with privacy and all that and
she is revealing your intimacies
supposedly your intimacies Well it
's not that you are revealing your intimacies
it's that she is the first one who threatened  I
mean, the issue of
Tania's husband's sentence is brought to the
fore by Loli and they're not going to get us off that ship.
But come on, no way, no way, I mean,
that's the first thing the issue is
brought to the table by her fight with Loli and
Loli brings it up and threatens to
tell it. It's important for when
her complaint arrives. For when
Tania's complaint arrives, it's important. The first one to
bring it up is Loli,
your husband, that he be arrested, I don't know what, I do
n't know how much it's worth. And after Loli
threatens her, Tania opens up straight away in her pajamas
and decides to threaten Javi Oliveira, Alne,
Elena, and those of us in the
Corrillo with
all the [ __ ] she has about
all of us, okay, important,
important, no, yes, but deep down it's the
intention, what you're telling me, I'm telling you, the
intention. She's bringing it up, let's not forget
that she was the one who insinuated the
240, the one who insinuated that she be arrested, that she
's a liar, what Tania is doing here, let's not
forget. I continue.  I keep saying
that for me the one who started all this the one who
fired the starting gun and the pistill
goes that in the end I don't know who brought it up
who I don't know what but the one who gave the
clue or rather the thread for people to
follow was her yes Well mixed up tells
that she's not very intelligent and one
morning she started saying that she had been in
jail I don't know what
story let's go we more or less knew
where the shot was going What happens is that we didn't
know that it was so so so so serious
Until until suddenly of course when we
started saying that she had been in
jail people looked for jail Tania
Palacio Barcelona and it all came out without
quotes eh without quotes What's up my
alanne Hey the comment is pinned in
the chat it's pinned in the chat the
message with the link to the WhatsApp group I'm
telling you
because I'm telling you because there are people who are
not in the WhatsApp group
yet [ __ ] There are 3800 people in the
WhatsApp group eh And I talk there
during the day I send you audio if I'm
doing something or whatever
Okay then join  in the
WhatsApp group Because the notification also never fails
and I always notify you of the
live shows it's very clear let's go, my
roll that already taken out one takes out the
other I don't know who it was but the one who
threw The Pebble to then pull
the thread there was her the one who put her there
as if she
were a tarita just like
you stopped making videos I don't know if on
December 23rd was when she gave me the
tazo and then she makes a video she was
laughing at me she was laughing at me For a
few days she said yes the attention
Of course because she is with the attention she is already
bad supposedly or when she
made me believe that she was sick well that she
cried and well that restb let's go my mother
and I so that nothing would happen to her
makes a video I don't know if on December 23rd
was when she gave me the elale
and video Salomé What's going on is here but
Salomé is that I freak out because Salomé is
there super quiet spends the whole night
super quiet and V appears from time to time with
a donation a kiss gorgeous Hey a
round of applause not from the whole chat not for salom
no that appears there with  that piece of with
those pieces of
members host this eh but of course it's
not only Loli who explodes
with this that anyone who has
supported
Lolly explodes, let's make a video I don't know if it
was December 23rd when she gave it to me
Elo I saw Endo of her she was laughing
for how many days of attention Claro
because she's with the AT she's already
sick or when she made me believe that she was
sick, well she cried and well what
my mother and I did so that
nothing would happen to her when she made me believe that she
was sick Peppa knows very well
very well Look first it was the
traitorous loser and now Peppa beltram confesses
the truth Loli huer J has had
cancer bu to this day whoever defends
that Loli has cancer the truth does it
with Reckless contempt the truth you know he doesn't
do it with a
surprise the attention Claro because she's
with the ton
already the tension Claro because she's with the
tension she's already
bad or when she made me believe that she was sick
bad well she cried and you well what
my mother and I did so that and you
Peppa what are you  looking real true today you
're showing off I don't know if I don't know if you
're trying to defend yourself from Loli Or you
're showing off even worse because Of course
you Here you're starting to recognize again you
let it fall This isn't the first time you let it
fall again you let it fall
But you're starting to recognize again no that Loli does
n't have cancer as we all know who
know how to walk on two feet
eh we know that this one is on the left and
this one is on the right we know that this
is up and this is down all of us who
have watched Sesame Street as a kid
okay we know that Loli hasn't had
cancer Okay so you Here you're starting to
recognize it but it's that when
Loli herself recognized it in one of those
flashes that Loli has from time to
time you came out to say that you had used the
wrong word that you
had never said that Loli had cancer that
you were talking about a biopsy So
now what the [ __ ] is it that Aunt
Peppa is talking about you know the only thing that I would give you
a little bit for me at least Eh well
I'll forgive you I will probably never forgive you
in my life eh or maybe I will
because  I don't then I'm not a
spiteful person or anything No but you know what would
give you a minimum of dignity
values ​​or something like that that you
asked for forgiveness for everything you've
done or rather that you asked for forgiveness that you
asked for forgiveness from me for everything you've
done to me okay all that you have done to me all
the insults all the harassment eh all the
things that you have said about me all the
movements that you have made to try to
screw me okay in a completely
regrettable way I also tell you okay eh And
take this donor to get the money Not
try to get the money out of her in any way
But mainly if you don't want to
do it with me do it with do it with the
people who follow you with me I already know that you're not
going to do it because Of course to
recognize well it's absurd don't
send it to me oru I don't know what I don't know what you
mean but
send it to me Ask for forgiveness from the people of
Look, I made up this story to I
shook Loli's piñata
The hotter Loli was
insulting the guindy because of how angry
I was  with the gu because he stopped
calling me The more I insulted her
the more money she gave me I
read them I put it into his head that
gindy was giving her [ __ ]
because there were comments on Twitter I
read them so he would insult him I read them so he would
give me money and I went along with it
with the cancer thing he comes out and say it Why are you
insinuating it Peppa comes out and
apologizes ask for forgiveness if it's really yes that's the
best thing and the healthier she is you don't have
problems now arrest and
Mental Health the best thing will leave you
is to apologize you are at a certain age
feel a little more at peace with your
conscience a kiss Solá beautiful thank you very much
for all your support always
really Rather die than say that
then your conscience will never be at
peace angel what is it that you realize
that they are doing a series
of live shows
to safeguard the privacy of the
person and she is within that group
ot is another I mean we are with the
campaign of we must mess with
privacy and all that and she is bringing out
intimacies of yours supposedly
intimacies of
yours No yes but deep down it is  the
intention what you tell me I tell you the
intention is She is taking out so we forget
that she was the one who insinuated about the 240
the one who insinuated that they arrest her that she is
a liar what about Taña here so we don't
forget I continue I continue saying that
for me the one who started all this the one who
gave the starting gun and the pistill so
that in the end I don't know who took it out who I do
n't know what but the one who gave the clue or
rather the thread for people to pull was
her of course she is very clear to me that
one has already taken it out
the other takes it out I don't know who it was but the one who
threw The Little Stone so that later they
pull the thread there was her per pu she is there as if she were Tarita But well let's see because this is true that it is treacherous as hell because I have not had contact with Alanne nor with Javi and nevertheless with this I do and I believe
Today many of the things that Alan and
Javier Oliveira say that this lady did I
believe because she is proving it
because  the lady says that if she has
copied the phrase if not this is time
This is to collect and that's the only thing she
wants Yes
lady says that if she has copied the phrase
if not this is time This is to collect
and that's the only thing she wants if not this is
time This is to collect I got it a
little if not this is time This is to
collect is that or does not say the intonation
well no because of would it be if not this is
time This is to collect that no no no it escapes me it escapes
me eh it escapes
me people come on there is
another motorcycle being raffled nothing I think that what she wants to
give whole like this without this let's go is that
Javi alne were right about me
about the money because what I want
is to collect of course that's why you returned
the 500 that you are already taking there the
biggest thing Yes but but that she says it to
screw or rather to try to screw screw you
as if saying to me I believe more now Jai
to you as a little girl now I
believe it more than you and now I believe that let's hope
that she also believes lne and
Javi of what they say about her no  Sure
So this is what we're talking about and the
lawsuit that they've filed against him, let's see and do you
believe it? If he's going to believe it, let's see if they're going to
believe this, let them take him for the
lawsuit he has and say Look, I believe
them more than that he really has some
things of
truth Yes, yes, it is like that, it is like that And you
alone without realizing it I don't know if the
best thing is the hair gel has refreshed your head a little
But you alone without realizing it has
come to you and you have let it go and after letting it
go Maybe you regret it but
well then what I've seen, they
have sent her that click Because she says
that you don't see me like that, that's what I know, that's what
happens, the story is that if they don't
contrast it surprises me Some
people who are there telling her calm down,
calm down, you're doing
well. Ah And you and what surprises me the most
when you were next to her, what
surprises me the most is that
someone else's privacy is being fought for, which I
see as fine, that everyone fights for the
privacy of, of whoever it may be, but Hello
Maria,
and I have to listen to what I have
heard today I was going to take it with
humor but I'm not with right now
No I'm not in a
humorous mood But not because of what the garden
says but because I've found myself in the
position of commenting on it not commenting on it because
the others are going to talk the others who that
these people that we have seen in the
Corrillo
and what what Loli has said and the
ar de Troya will comment on it that to have
500 people 600 people I saw
that Yes Carmen guizado I am apart from being
sad it is that I made a mistake and with
the nerves instead of taking half a pill I have
taken the whole thing I have to take one a
day but what I always do is half
in the morning and half in the
afternoon at night like this morning I haven't
taken it because I haven't stopped I've been
talking to a friend he has
told me things about about this about the
Lux operation what I
really wanted to talk about today but neither about Lu nor about
l nor about n that they are going to do directly
to my thing they are going to do it or rather
after what this lady
van haer said it is
indisputable  a little more
normal sec but it's okay
because I feel like [ __ ] all my
mules
eh It freaks me out
if you don't feel
ready Well take a day or two and
answer when you feel up to
it, don't let anyone impose on you What you
should do, especially if it's something that could
affect your
health The thing is that then they
give is that the others are going to talk, the
others Who are they, I mean, the others are going to
talk because once she's done the video and
FJ is going to talk, she's going to talk anyway, I don't know if
Elena is going to talk, J is
going to talk, the flight is going to talk that they're not the ones who can't or aren't going to talk if I talk, the ar of Troy, the ar of Troy nothing more, no because of Elton I don't think he's going to get into a 11-
bar shirt so he's not doing
live shows, yes I know I'm not coming it's because
I have no idea what he's up to if he's going to
talk he's not going to talk No no I no longer have
contact with him, with him I've
never had with his wife with
Panda so who's going to talk who has to
shut me up this  sir I don't think so
Also if I don't put it I'm going to
go see it
Yes, the Trojan says in the last live they
did to see Joe I curse everything Joe
Let's really listen to Joe
Peppa Beltrán has already recovered from her
YouTube amnesia After several
weeks saying that she would not
talk about the forgotten again for
health reasons she returns to the dance floor because
money is money yesterday she lets it out to
Lolly Huertas and of course this lady who has
been for days Without insulting anyone she has not
wasted time to answer
Peppa a few hours later a new live
from Mrs. Beltrán at the beginning a lot of
drama camera off because it's very bad
that if I have taken a pill that if I do
n't want to talk how bad people are
anyway the usual victimhood mode
on after a few minutes the camera
turns on and begins to react to
Loli's video that coincidentally she had already
prepared then the
stellar moment of the afternoon arrives like an apparition
Mariana from among the clouds there appears
Peppa's boy that guy with less
grace than a letter from the Treasury
from  there Peppa laughing her head off I'm
shaking Satania Troy is burning Elena to
all God [ __ ] the amnesia the boy
laughing all the time at Loli the
way she speaks every sentence she says
now they don't understand her when she talks
how the story has changed before they
understood everything and now they don't understand
anything the effect that the
bisons and superchats caused before has
magically disappeared totally Peppa is back
alive Peppa now to wait for
Loli's response when the world falls on her
which it will fall on her she will
play the victim again and
this infinite youtuber loop will begin again
Remember that as usual the person
responsible for all this has been Javi
Oliveira come on, I can't talk
about what I really need to talk about,
I am in a position to come clean and we
are not just talking about me but about
totally people let's see guys after this
video we still have one more response
from Peppa Uy from Loli Loli Loli has
answered again what's happening is that I'm
seeing you paid no I mean no We have
reached the objective I have given away
others  20 members me a kiss I don't know
family if staying a little longer is late
for telesalseo I do
n't know if staying a little longer because
not We have reached the goal I can
see you a little off I don't know if you
are falling asleep we could
leave Loli's answer we can
leave it for tomorrow or if we reach the
goal we stay here we
see it I had more things here But there were
too many they were too much we can continue tomorrow they
were too much we can continue
tomorrow what you send what
you
if we reach the goal
very quickly I will have no choice but to
stay if I don't go to Sal for a while
because I have to also thanks Solange I
also have to spend the night today
preparing the
podcast how good Likewise if we reach
the goal we will see Loli's answer
you guys send okay you are
my
boss late
the salsería I don't mind starting it at
1:30 if
necessary and
we see it oblivious as she is
mior
Look Come to the kids what is
totally unrelated to this are the
first ones that are there because
people's privacy is important
but not mine
Loli  Huertas has made a terrible and
stalker
video and I have also told you that right now
I am super calm because I made a
mistake and I took half a pill and I
took one and now I can't take
the other half and
then it came up it came up a
little bit my attention
normally I have it
lower but anyway it's okay it's a
little bit higher than normal but it
's okay It's that for me it
was so forgotten I thought it didn't
exist anymore I thought it didn't exist anymore
eh I have the crucifix here eh From
time to time it's like that yes they are people who
go Uy eh true eh How it changes no there is no
super chat or water bottles or
anything like that
eh How how it has changed eh How it has
changed that they told you that you
want to suck it and all that and you're with the
card doing longi just because it
means
money Angel translates I swear I
have no idea Angel what she means to
stay there silly there like
elc they don't understand her they don't understand her
clearly how she speaks when when you
liked her pasta when you  she liked her
pasta you went to her live to rescue her
because she was affected and you didn't want them to
mess with her Come on Javier face
throwing a kiss kiss heart a kiss a
kiss gorgeous 19 of 50 family almost
half we have what
do we do they have forgotten the gardener
Oh they have forgotten before they understood her
perfectly
eha with the money yes I see this we have to
take it as a game and try between
all of us this like a puzzle that each one
that each one says Look I have taken
a part from here Look I have taken this
word that can be Look I have taken it
and between all of us maybe we will do it before they
understood her very well and she was very
coherent how Loli spoke now they
have to do a pulle eh Hey it
is not the Rayito de
luz anymore it is not the Rayito de
luz says K Boy Javi what do we have to do
so that you stay longer
eh do you want us to stay here, I mean let's
see Loli's answer
orus sent it to me or we can see it tomorrow
calmly no no watch it all the same
day to see if we reach the objective that there is
19  of 50 if we reach the goal now
I will have no choice but to
stay and you will see clearly you are in charge in the
end you are the
audience How bad we were
when we said this eh To the ass that we
had messed with her throat the poor thing
eh that we had messed with her
throat eh
Oh look at the poor thing that had
rebuilt herself and was starting to talk
from
scratch Well some haye Not much because today she is
not places and no I have not been able to
prepare much either but there are some
things
totally Julia says Javi do you
remember when she said in
Loli's shoes Ah oh when they put themselves in
Loli's shoes if they understood her it's
true
Ay eh when they put themselves in
Loli's shoes eh Oh I don't know p
Loli's shoes the poor woman the coking come
whoever
guesses it kiss my beautiful Helen Look
Helen they want us to
stay Hey Helen but let's see I want to see
you Hey but how pretty you are that you're the one
in the
photo Oh because I
love you an electric motorcycle
[Laughter]
How funny the a  eh it's
sown Loli was covering up the
Peppa donation thing Peppa knew that her friend had
a drinking problem and yet she
had her as a fair monkey slandering
other people on her channel you're
leaving yourselves in the basement
totally totally Lili, I mean Loli was covering up the
240 thing until she got into a fight with
her when she fought with her she already brought it out she
betrayed her okay but while she was
covering it up Peppa was going along with Loli's
thing about cancer knowing that she didn't have it I mean
if you realize from
listening to her live shows imagine a
person who was talking to
her on the phone for hours the amount of things they
would find to know that she didn't have
cancer I'm just going to say one thing in favor
of
Peppa Loli de Troya they've been saying for months that they
have
compromising conversations about Peppa from a
WhatsApp group that has tried to be
deleted but they captured it before
the WhatsApps can only be deleted the
first ones now that you don't even
know how to lie and we're going to see this tomorrow so I'm
leaving it here prepared to see it
Tomorrow I'm going  I'm going to go to the
kids' club for a while, I'm going to see what's on and I'll
tell you, I mean, I have to be preparing the
podcast, eh, that podcast is going to be amazing, eh,
on Sunday,
eh, the podcast on Sunday is going to be amazing, eh, I'm telling you, eh, I'm telling you, well, send it
to me Karime, what's there?
Hi, no, it can't be on
today, says Rey, you leave it at the top.
Well, tomorrow we'll have more. Tomorrow,
Friday. Well, tomorrow, Friday, you know
that on Fridays, I don't usually or I try
not to have to do live. But
well, we'll see. I know that I know that on Saturday
I have a family plan.
Do a
raid. Well, yes, I'm going to do a raid. The thing is, I do
n't even know the topics yet.
What's on?
Karime, I mean, I know that I
know that there's
mm let's see, I'll see if I can steal t,
shur, something
very z Z
not very seta
but not to m a tien, come on, go. We'll
stay a little while. Greetings, Javi
from
Bilbao. Thank you very much.
[Music]
heart, they're
calling. Who is it?
Say,
Hello, good. Yes.
Tell me, I'm speaking to Javier on
whose behalf On behalf of dasas review Ah Tell me
son no, I'm your lawyer Ah Tell me son
yes, we have already found her, we have found her
with the
penalty with which we have decided, the
death penalty for you Ah go on and when will you bring it to me
Well, I think tomorrow between two three
business days So I think by
Monday Tuesday
and you don't mind no no no it's fine okay Okay, well it will
arrive okay Don't
worry okay come on See you later
thanks it was funny we were funny it was funny
the truth is what a spark right
what a spark
many times this man I mean
[Music]
what can I
tell you I'm watching the gossip channels to
see what they've uploaded
no let's see this is over here not from Win
michu I don't know what it will be it's a clip
of the talk show
I understand and
[Music]
is what the sh has dealt with
too ZZ
ZZ setsa setsa eh yeah ima
eh but anyway I'm going to comment on the four
or five things we
have guys I'm going to the salseria for a
while okay tomorrow we'll see you around
here a kiss  a kiss wait I'll leave
this programmed for the raid so you can
enter everything in
the salsería and it won't take long to
appear there
okay okay enter the Ray Okay We're
going over there for a while I have to
tell you something very funny too eh I
mean there are funny things there There are funny things
shots over there eh you're going to laugh
now